I know you in there
son of a doesn't have a dick he's
got a dick
he just got a cop down identify
yourselves I'm Jay and
this my head will life made Silent Bob
don't tell me you guys have no idea
there's a new comic book movie being
made of the old comic book movie you two
are the basis for that old a
star-studded piece of that movies
suck balls
it's like - Your Honor I object
I'll allow it that movie did suck balls
and we got three days to get to
Hollywood and stop this reboot from ever
hat boy I'm not a baby
J racers you're about to meet I loved I
think I'm gonna need to see a blood test
this is my daughter can you take us to
Hollywood with you oh no man
it's a tough ass neighborhood either you
take us to Hollywood or estab you both
to death on my own lawn and on
that note we cue the music I'm glad you
guys are smoking back there that's
driving someone about a week ago and he
took a big you have no idea how
hard it is to get the smell out of
pleather
[Music]
your methods what stupid
it's Jay and Silent Bob
I just found out I have a kid but I
don't know how to be a father
anybody with can be a fun but only
love can make you a dad are you going to
talk about love and you flee and come
all over the place
that's just seen the girl what do you
guys think about this reboot it sucks
there I said it
it was directing this anyway Kevin
Smith smells like this reboot
and up and smoke
[Music]